(Gore)
I can feel it...
I can feel my mind
filling with every card...
with every combo...
I've become the perfect duelist,
so victory's in my grasp.
(Playmaker)
Is it?
Playmaker... You're going down.
Gore's brainwaves
are perfectly synchronizing
with his upgraded AI chip.
But his heart rate
and blood pressure
are rapidly rising
to dangerous levels!
(grunts)
♪♪♪
Kenneth.
It isn't fair.
It took our whole lives
to finally see eye to eye,
but it only took a second
to rip us apart.
It's another reason
to end this war ASAP,
because no one should have
to feel the way I do now.
These past few days
were like sandpaper
'cause they've been rough.
I mean, first we lose Earth,
now Ghost Gal's brother
is gone.
Who'd a thought Kolter's bro Jin
would be the luckiest one
'cause at least
he's still around.
Ahem.
Huh?
Not the right time.
Oh...
Umm... my bad.
You mad?
(Kolter)
Yeah. But not at you.
At Lightning.
Phew...
In that battle of theirs,
Lightning was prepared
for every single one
of The Shepherd's strategies.
Yeah, and then some.
He was practically
toying with him.
(Flame)
And his intellect
will only continue to improve,
like every other Ignis I know,
with the exception of one.
Aww c'mon, Flame.
Don't insult yourself like that.
I wasn't talking about me.
Then you shouldn't talk
about Aqua like that!
I found something!
Huh? Huh?
(Kolter)
A signal's coming from here.
You see that?
Yeah, it's an Ignis
algorithm.
More specifically, Earth's.
What? Earth's?
Don't get my hopes up.
Are you sure it isn't a glitch?
Nope, it's not a glitch.
But I thought SOL Tech
decompiled him.
Maybe he escaped.
Yeah? Yeah... Yeah!
(laughing)
Yeah!!!!!
I said maybe, not definitely.
(laughing)
Uh, c'mon.
Way to adverb the party.
I think what Flame's gettin' at
is that when something sounds
too good to be true,
it often is.
It could be a trap.
Yeah... and it could
also be Earth!
Don't get me wrong.
I wasn't trying
to discourage you.
I was just pointing out
that we should be careful.
Just 'cause our last three,
make that four,
times turned out to be traps
doesn't mean this one will.
You do realize that
the thing about traps
is that it only
has to work once.
(Ai)
So you think we shouldn't go?
(Flame)
I didn't say that.
Then why don't we go
check it out.
Right.
It's time...
(Yusaku & Theodore)
To link into the VRAINS!
(Skye)
Ghost Gal...
Playmaker and Soulburner
just logged into LINK VRAINS.
(Emma)
Send me their coordinates.
(Skye)
I already did.
(Emma)
Nice one, partner.
Way to read my mind!
We should go there too, Aqua.
Yes...
Hey, something wrong?
I don't know...
It's just a feeling.
About what?
That something really,
really bad is going to happen.
Excuse me, Queen,
I assume you know
that Playmaker and Soulburner
have both logged
into LINK VRAINS.
I do.
(Zaizen)
So am I also correct
to assume
that you're going to
send Gore after them?
Well, I can't send
The Shepherd now, can I?
Gore is the only one who has
the skills to defeat them,
and their Ignis of course.
That may be true,
but Gore is breaking down
both mentally and physically.
The AI chip implanted
in his brain
is not good
for his long-term health.
I don't care about
the long term,
only the short term.
And the short-term
is to capture the Ignis
no matter what the cost.
(gasps)
The Ignis carry a wealth of data
for SOL Technologies to exploit.
Data that will ensure
SOL Tech's growth
and profitability
for the future.
But you must've already
gotten everything you need
from the Earth Ignis.
(Queen)
No, I want more.
It's just business, Zaizen.
Just business?
It's not right
to put Gore in any--
Your objections
are noted and dismissed!
Besides, you're
already too late.
(sighs)
(Queen)
I already sent him
to LINK VRAINS,
at his request.
(Kolter)
You're pretty much on top
of the coordinates, guys.
Earth might be hiding in one
of these floating islands.
Well, then...
Let's search each of them.
You hear something?
Yes, someone's droppin'
out of the sky.
I can't quite make it out yet...
But it's gotta be Earth!
C'mon, buddy!
Give your ol' pal a hug!
Never mind!
(sighs)
Ooh.
You!
(laughs)
What a surprise running
into you here, Playmaker.
Yes, Gore, quite the surprise.
Things have just gotten
more interesting.
You know what you must do, Gore.
Bring that Ignis to me.
Hey, Playmaker,
it's time to cash in
my bounty pork chop.
Man, he doesn't look good.
It's like someone left him
in the dryer for too long...
and forgot to add in
the fabric softener.
Yes, Gore has become
the battery
to power the AI chip
in his brain.
And it drained him
from a D to a AAA.
Gore, I don't know
if you looked in the mirror,
but you gotta get yourself
to a hospital for real.
You don't need
to worry about me.
You should worry more
about your friend there.
Because you're up next!
Ai, it appears that Gore
is quite confident
that he's going to defeat
you and Playmaker.
You don't think I'm afraid
of that dehydrated raisin,
over there, do ya?!
I'm gonna stomp ya
and get you back
for what you did to Earth!
I cannot wait to see you try.
That won't be happening, Gore.
I have no interest
in dueling you.
Huh? You don't?
Since when does Playmaker
not want to duel?
We shouldn't be
fighting each other,
we should be fighting
alongside each other.
We were allies before,
and we can be again.
This ally you're talking about
captured my ally Earth!
I know, Ai. I know...
But just because
someone loses their way
doesn't mean he can't find
his way back.
So I'm not going
to give up on Gore.
Ain't that sweet.
And I'm not giving up on
mashin' ya into a pulpy mess.
Well, you certainly got
through to him, Playmaker.
Just give it time.
But time's the one thing
we don't have much of.
Why do ya wanna
take us down so badly?
Here's the why.
Because, Playmaker,
you beat Varis in a duel.
(Ai)
Wasn't that a good thing?
(Gore)
But Varis beat me.
(Ai)
I... can see
how that's a bad thing.
But I could never have
beat Varis without your help,
'cause you discovered what
special card he was using...
and that information was
the key to my victory, Gore.
(Gore)
Blah blah blah.
The end story is
that you beat Varis
and Varis beat me,
meaning you were a better
duelist than me.
And that don't sit right.
(Playmaker)
Gore, winning isn't everything.
You're right, Playmaker.
It's the only thing.
I pretended it didn't bother me.
But it did.
Do you know how it feels
to risk everything,
to risk your whole life
and still lose?
Well, I'll tell ya.
It makes you feel worthless.
Oh man.
So then, to prove that I'm
actually worth anything,
I gotta defeat the best
and that means you.
Playmaker.
So get ready to lose...
I don't see any way
that Playmaker
can get out of this duel.
Me neither, Flame.
If this is what you need, Gore,
then you and I will duel.
Excellent!
That's all my ears
wanted to hear
coming out of those
lips of yours.
Okay, Playmaker...
(Both)
Let's Speed Duel!
My mission directive
may be to capture your Ignis...
But my true mission...
is to defeat you, Playmaker!
(roars)
I'll play this facedown.
And with that I end my turn.
(Ai)
That's the same move he pulled
in his duel against Earth.
If Gore believes
that will work against me,
then he'll be making
a serious mistake.
Check it out.
I think that's
Playmaker dueling.
Wow.
It is.
(Avatar A)
And Gore.
(Avatar B)
You sure that's Gore?
Looks more like jerky.
Beef jerky.
(Aqua)
Flame!
(Flame)
Aqua!
Is that really Gore?
Yeah.
Or whatever's
actually left of him.
You all worked together
to save LINK VRAINS...
But now you're here
dueling against each other.
He wants to win so badly
that he forgot who he is
and sold himself out.
I must admit that this new Gore
would've given me trouble
in our previous duel.
But the price he paid,
his very humanity,
isn't worth it.
Because what's a victory
if you have to sell
your soul to get it?
Remember, Playmaker,
Gore can stop our Skill.
So we gotta play this
as if we don't have one.
Right.
It's my turn!
I'll play this facedown!
I summon LINKSLAYER!
I can automatically
summon it from my hand
when I have no monsters
on my field.
Next I summon STORM CIPHER!
And when I successfully
summon a Cyberse monster,
then I'm also allowed
to also summon
BOOT STAGGERED.
Playmaker has already summoned
three powerful monsters.
He's not pulling
any punches in this duel.
He wants this over before
Gore's AI chip kicks in.
Here I go!
STORM CIPHER,
attack his facedown monster!
You mean
my DINOWRESTLER VALEONYX.
(Playmaker)
Since it has 0 defense points,
it's destroyed!
I discard
DINOWRESTLER MARTIAL ANGA
to activate
its special ability.
My VALEONYX can no longer
be destroyed in battle
against a monster with equal
or higher attack points.
(roars)
And you can't attack
for the rest of this turn.
Whaaaaa?
Why ya gotta
flatten our tires?
That move sure
slammed the brakes
on Playmaker's plan, didn't it?
Indeed.
His strategy to win quickly
can be a detriment
if the duel lasts too long.
Well, I end my turn.
You're up.
What's the rush,
Playmaker?
I'm beginning
to feel like...
you no longer want
to hang out with me.
Duh!
'Cause who wants to hang out
with a chumcruckle!
Ah!
I meant that respectfully.
Call me whatever...
'Cause when this is
all said and done,
you're going to be
calling me one thing...
and that's the champion.
(Ai)
More like chump-ion, am I right?
(laughs)
While you choose
to battle with words,
I choose to battle
with my cards.
I activate MARTIAL ANGA's
special ability!
When you have more monsters
on the field than I do...
I'm allowed to resummon it
from my graveyard.
And just like that,
whatever lead you thought
you had is gone.
You disappoint me.
And y' wanna know why,
Playmaker?
While I moved mountains
to get on your level,
you're doing
the same moves as always.
Meaning while I'm evolvin',
you're stuck in the mud.
And you're gonna find out
that this complacency...
is gonna cost you!
His chip must be
getting stronger
if he's now using words
like "complacency".
It's my turn. I draw.
And here's proof to show ya
how my game's growin'.
I set two DINOWRESTLERS
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon Link 2
DINOWRESTLER TERRA PARKOURIO!
(roars)
All that work to get a monster
with a thousand attack points?
Huh, your carnivore is more of--
(Gore)
More of a carni-chore.
Predictable.
But I know you couldn't
predict this card!
My spell CRAZY EVOLUTION
allows me to summon
a DINOWRESTLER from my hand
that has the same Level
as your monster
that's in defense mode.
Your STORM CIPHER
that's in defense mode
is Level 4,
so that means I can summon
my Level 4 DINOWRESTLER
SYSTEGOSAUR!
And SYSTEGOSAUR's
special ability activates
allowing me to add the spell
WORLD DINO WRESTLING,
from my deck.
Furthermore, CRAZY EVOLUTION
changes the Type
of all my monsters.
So my Dinosaurs
evolve into Cyberses.
(Ai)
Wait.
Why would he want Cyberses
when his deck is full of Dinos?
(shrieks)
Aqua what's wrong?
I sense something in Gore's deck
that can't be true!
(sighs)
I changed my Dinosaurs
into Cyberses so I can do this!
Concentrate my circuit!
I'm summoning
a Cyberse Link Monster!
One that you're familiar with!
(gasps)
I Link Summon.
Behold, Playmaker.
Ooh.
(evil laugh)
Impossible...
CRYSTAL HEART?!
That's Aqua's--
I mean, Earth's monster!
No...
(Zaizen)
Gore summoned Earth's monster?
But how?
That's unless...
(Ai)
I don't know how you got
your paws on that card,
but take your paws
off that card!
Because CRYSTAL HEART
doesn't belong to you, Gore!
It belongs to Earth!
If that's the case,
I don't see what the problem is
with me using it.
Because I am Earth.
Which part?
The shape of your heads?
(Gore)
No.
The part where SOL Tech
inputted Earth's data
into my AI chip
Whaaaaaa?
That's right.
(all gasps)
That glitch.
Earth is now a part of me.
No, poor Earth.
SOL Tech decided to mess
with Gore's brain even more.
I would say...
I'm surprised but nothing
SOL Tech does surprises me.
You uploaded Earth
into Gore's AI chip?
Was that wrong?
Everything's wrong with that!
Do have any idea how dangerous
and immoral that is?
Why would you ever decide
to do something
so completely irresponsible?
(Queen)
Because I ordered it.
(sighs)
By upgrading Gore,
his odds of success increase.
I told you I wanted
the other Ignis
by any means necessary.
(Zaizen)
But... but this is just so...
By any means necessary.
(grunts)
You clearly don't have
the stomach for it,
so it's lucky that I do.
That's why I'm paid
to make the tough decisions
though I have to admit,
this decision wasn't
all that tough.
(Aqua)
They put Earth's life into him?
(Flame)
They did, as if his life
meant nothing at all.
(grunts)
Oh!
So when Kolter detected
Earth's signal,
he was actually detecting Gore?
That's right.
It was a trap
to lure us all along.
And you fell for it.
Another trap!
Don't be so upset.
Instead, why not look
on the bright side?
What bright side?
You actually thought you lost
the Earth Ignis forever.
But, you see,
it lives on inside of me.
(grunts)
And so together,
the Earth Ignis and I
will defeat you!
But know this, I am thankful
to the Earth Ignis.
Because with its data,
I've been upgraded
into the perfect duelist.
As you will learn first hand.
TERRA PARKOURIO's
special ability
activates from my graveyard.
Since I used it to Link Summon,
I'm allowed to revive
a DINOWRESTLER from my graveyard
by negating
its special abilities!
Come back, MARTIAL ANGA!
Next I activate CRYSTAL HEART's
special ability!
It lets me resurrect
an Earth Attribute Link Monster
from my graveyard and co-link it
with my CRYSTAL HEART!
Rise up, TERRA PARKOURIO!
And whenever
it uses this ability,
CRYSTAL HEART gains
one G Golem Counter.
And for every Counter
that CRYSTAL HEART has,
it gives 600 attack points
to all Earth monsters
it's linked to.
Gore is using CRYSTAL HEART
just as well as Earth did.
Now I activate my field spell
WORLD DINO WRESTLING!
By doing so, it triggers
TERRA PARKOURIO's
special ability!
(roars)
I get to retrieve a DINOWRESTLER
from my graveyard.
Come back, my VALEONYX!
Not good!
And now... I'll Link Summon!
The summoning conditions
are two or more DINOWRESTLERS.
So I set MARTIAL ANGA
and TERRA PARKOURIO
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon!
Link 3 DINOWRESTLER
KING T WREXTLE!
(roars)
Ah!
(laughs)
I hope you're enjoying
this duel as much as I am,
because it's going
to be your last.
♪♪♪